c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Demoapp.exe.config
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.g.resources
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Demoapp.exe
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Demoapp.pdb
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Contrib.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Cuda.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2013.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Shape.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Superres.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\KinectFacialRecognition.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Contrib.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Cuda.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Shape.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Superres.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\KinectFacialRecognition.pdb
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.exe
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp.pdb
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\msvcp120.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\msvcr120.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg300_64.dll
c:\users\shrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Demoapp\Demoapp\obj\Debug\Demoapp_Content.g.cs
